as David also writes and later in the
same paper under the subheading
knowledge quote the most important kind
of abstract Constructor is knowledge
knowledge is information which once it
is physically instantiated in a suitable
environment tends to cause itself to
remain so it survives criticism testing
random noise and error correction here I
am adopting poppers 1972 conception of
knowledge in which there need be no
knowing subject for example the
knowledge encoded in an organism's DNA
consists of abstract genes that cause
the environment to transform raw
materials into another instance of the
organism and thereby to keep those
abstract genes and not mutations or
other variants of them physically
instantiated despite the mutation and
natural selection that keep happening